 the charge.
 news December 16, 2024 
    As locals unwind and the diaspora returns, East Africa buzzes with energy. Here’s your guide to beaches, wildlife and city escapes this holiday season.
 news December 11, 2024 
    The majority of intra-Africa travel requires a visa, underlining the hassle for Africans to travel within the continent.
 news November 27, 2024 
    The country’s health minister has urged for calm, assuring Rwandans that the outbreak will not last for long.
 popular October 1, 2024 
    ESPN’sinquiry into the NBA's partnership with the longtime leader, who's been described by the Human Rights Foundation as a "dictator" and "warmonger," has been met with pushback from Rwandans claiming it's another Western smear campaign.
 news July 30, 2024 
    In preliminary results, the Rwandan electorate has overwhelmingly decided that their long-term President Paul Kagame is fit to lead them for another five years.
 news July 16, 2024 
    The upcoming Rwandan elections are characterized by widespread optimism for continued development and strong support for Paul Kagame, but there are concerns about security threats and the need for strong defense.
 news July 13, 2024 
    Although Paul Kagame is the frontrunner — by a very wide gap — in the presidential election, Frank Habineza and Philippe Mpayimana are determined to give the Rwandan people other options on the ballot.
 news July 12, 2024 
    Following a resounding victory in last week’s general elections, the new Labour Party government in the UK has scrapped a deal it has long viewed as an expensive gimmick.
 news July 10, 2024 
    The best songs to come out of Kenya, Uganda, Tanzania, Rwanda and DR Congo this year so far.
 music July 1, 2024 
    Running against the same two candidates he beat in the previous election, President Paul Kagame is seeking to hold onto power for a fourth term, amidst criticisms of stifling opposition.
 news June 27, 2024 
    These presidents, who have ruled for periods ranging from two to five decades, have maintained their grip on power through the manipulation of institutions and constitutions.
 countries May 30, 2024 
    Four weeks after demanding clear answers from Apple on how it sources and buys minerals from the region, the law firms representing the Congolese government say they have more evidence on Apple’s supply chain.
 news May 22, 2024 
    Speaking virtually at the annual summit in New York City, the President of Rwanda highlighted the importance of unity and accountability in Africa.
 news brief May 2, 2024 
    Three decades since the East Africa country experienced the worst event of its history, which claimed the lives of over a million Rwandans, its youth is reflecting on how understanding the past can help build a better future.
 news April 11, 2024 
    For one week, flags will fly at half mast, sport events and movies not connected to the genocide will be prohibited from terrestrial TV, and music will not be played in public.
 n